Chore: Typo fixed in multiple files of docs/source/en/model_doc (#26833)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/nllb-moe.md

states (kind of like a residual connection) while they are masked in `NLLB`'s top-2 routing mechanism. 

## Generating with NLLB-MoE

> The avaliable checkpoints requires around 350GB of storage. Make sure to use `accelerate` if you do not have enough RAM on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available checkpoints require around 350GB of storage. Make sure to use `accelerate` if you do not have enough RAM on your machine.
```
